fix(docs): add a page describing everything about feature statuses (#31941)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/page_types/aria_page_template/index.md

A number of macro calls appear at the top of the content section. You should update or delete them according to the advice below:

- \\{{ariaref}}—generates a suitable ARIA sidebar, depending on what tags are included on the page.

### Statuses

Do not provide status keys manually.

> To include (appropriate)
> technology status keys [**experimental**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#experimental),
> [**deprecated**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#deprecated),
> or **non-standard** refer section
> ["How to add or update technology statuses"](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Technology_status#how_to_add_or_update_technology_statuses).

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore if this is your preferred style, are you looking to break between links in the editor?

```suggestion
To include (appropriate) technology status keys [**experimental**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#experimental), [**deprecated**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#deprecated), or **non-standard** refer section ["How to add or update technology statuses"](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Technology_status#how_to_add_or_update_technology_statuses).
```

Author: The editor breaks lines in such manner to make it more readable.

> To include (appropriate)
> technology status keys [**experimental**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#experimental),
> [**deprecated**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#deprecated),
> or **non-standard** refer section
> ["How to add or update technology statuses"](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Technology_status#how_to_add_or_update_technology_statuses).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To include the (appropriate) technology status key — [**experimental**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#experimental), [**deprecated**](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Experimental_deprecated_obsolete#deprecated), or **non-standard** — see the section ["How to add or update technology statuses"](/en-US/docs/MDN/Writing_guidelines/Page_structures/Technology_status#how_to_add_or_update_technology_statuses).
```
